[DOC] Tutorial for self-supervised learning (#1788)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/guide/explanation/algorithms/classification/multi_class_classification.rst

For these cases, OpenVINO™ Training Extensions provides improved self-supervised learning recipes that can be applied to the above harsh environments.
We adapted `BYOL <https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.07733>`_ as our self-supervised method.

> Users need some time to use these self-supervised learning recipes and can expect improved performance, especially in low-data regimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This algorithm will required some additional training time, meanwhile, improved performance is expected, especially in low-data regimes.
```

Author: Done
